DOCS: Minor edits to the "Get Started" article (#1056)
cynkra/dm: vignettes/dm.Rmd

In many cases, `dm_from_con()` already returns a dm with all keys set.
If not, dm allows us to define primary and foreign keys ourselves.

> In our data model, `id` columns uniquely identify records in the `accounts` and `loans` table, and can be used as a primary key. A primary key is added with `dm_add_pk()`.

Reviewer: Perhaps even:

```suggestion
In our data model, `id` columns uniquely identify records in the `accounts` and `loans` tables, and can be used as a primary key.
A primary key is defined with `dm_add_pk()`.
```
